docs/source/notes/large_scale_deployments.rst, before:

Features for large-scale deployments
====================================

.. contents:: :local:

This note talks about several extension points and tricks that might be useful
when running PyTorch within a larger system or operating multiple systems using
PyTorch in a larger organization.

It doesn't cover topics of deploying models to production. Check
:mod:`torch.jit` or one of the corresponding tutorials.

The note assumes that you either build PyTorch from source in your
organization or have an ability to statically link additional code to be loaded
when PyTorch is used. Therefore, many of the hooks are exposed as C++ APIs that
can be triggered once in a centralized place, e.g. in static initialization
code.

Fleet-wide operator profiling
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

PyTorch comes with :mod:`torch.autograd.profiler` capable of measuring time
taken by individual operators on demand. One can use the same mechanism to do
"always ON" measurements for any process running PyTorch. It might be useful for
gathering information about PyTorch workloads running in a given process or
across the entire set of machines.

New callbacks for any operator invocation can be added with
``torch::autograd::profiler::pushCallback``. Hooks will be called with
``torch::autograd::profiler::RecordFunction`` struct that describes invocation
context (e.g. `name`). If enabled, ``RecordFunction::inputs()`` contains arguments
of the function represented as ``torch::IValue`` variant type. Note, that inputs
logging is relatively expensive and thus has to be enabled explicitly.

Invoking callbacks adds some overhead, so usually it's useful to just randomly
sample operator invocations. This can be enabled on per-callback basis with a
global sampling rate specified by
`torch::autograd::profiler::setSamplingProbability`.

Note, that ``pushCallback`` and ``setSamplingProbability`` are not thread-safe
and can be called only when no PyTorch operator is running. Usually, it's a good
idea to call them once during initialization.

Here's an example:

.. code-block:: cpp

    // Called somewhere in the program beginning
    void init() {
        // Sample one in a hundred operator runs randomly
        torch::autograd::setSamplingProbability(0.01);
        pushCallback(
            &onFunctionEnter,
            &onFunctionExit,
            /* needs_inputs */ true,
            /* sampled */ true
        );
    }

    void onFunctionEnter(const RecordFunction& fn) {
        std::cerr << "Before function " << fn.name() 
                  << " with " << fn.inputs().size() << " inputs" << std::endl;
    }

    void onFunctionExit(const RecordFunction& fn) {
        std::cerr << "After function " << fn.name();
    }

API usage logging
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When running in a broader ecosystem, for example in managed job scheduler, it's
often useful to track which binaries invoke particular PyTorch APIs. There
exists simple instrumentation injected at several important API points that
triggers a given callback. Because usually PyTorch is invoked in one-off python
scripts, the callback fires only once for a given process for each of the APIs.

``c10::SetAPIUsageHandler`` can be used to register API usage instrumentation
handler. Passed argument is going to be an "api key" identifying used point, for
example ``python.import`` for PyTorch extension import or
``torch.script.compile`` if TorchScript compilation was triggered.

.. code-block:: cpp

    SetAPIUsageLogger([](const std::string& event_name) {
        std::cerr << "API was used: " << event_name << std::endl;
    });

Note for developers: new API trigger points can be added in code with
``C10_LOG_API_USAGE_ONCE("my_api")`` in C++ or
``torch._C._log_api_usage_once("my.api")`` in Python.

Attaching metadata to saved TorchScript models
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

TorchScript modules can be saved as an archive file that bundles serialized
parameters and module code as TorchScript (see :meth:`torch.jit.save`). It's
often convenient to bundle additional information together with the model, for
example, description of model producer or auxiliary artifacts.

It can be achieved by passing the ``_extra_files`` argument to
:meth:`torch.jit.save` and ``torch::jit::load`` to store and retrieve
arbitrary binary blobs during saving process. Since TorchScript files are
regular ZIP archives, extra information gets stored as regular files inside
archive's ``extra/`` directory.

There's also a global hook allowing to attach extra files to any TorchScript
archive produced in the current process. It might be useful to tag models with
producer metadata, akin to JPEG metadata produced by digital cameras. Example
usage might look like:

.. code-block:: cpp

    SetExportModuleExtraFilesHook([](const script::Module&) {
        script::ExtraFilesMap files;
        files["producer_info.json"] = "{\"user\": \"" + getenv("USER") + "\"}";
        return files;
    });


Build environment considerations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

TorchScript's compilation needs to have access to the original python files as
it uses python's ``inspect.getsource`` call. In certain production environments
it might require explicitly deploying ``.py`` files along with precompiled
``.pyc``.

Common extension points
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

PyTorch APIs are generally loosely coupled and it's easy to replace a component
with specialized version. Common extension points include:

* Custom operators implemented in C++ - see `tutorial for more details <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/advanced/cpp_extension.html>`_.
* Custom data reading can be often integrated directly by invoking corresponding python library. Existing functionality of :mod:`torch.utils.data` can be utilized by extending :class:`~torch.utils.data.Dataset` or :class:`~torch.utils.data.IterableDataset`.

Commit message:

Thread local debug info
Summary: Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/22365

Test Plan:
USE_CUDA=0 python setup.py develop
./build/bin/test_jit

Imported from OSS

Reviewed By: ajyu

Differential Revision: D16065129

Pulled By: ilia-cher

fbshipit-source-id: f300985459a83c2c1049ed8c4fefd23a3144047a

docs/source/notes/large_scale_deployments.rst, after:

Features for large-scale deployments
====================================

.. contents:: :local:

This note talks about several extension points and tricks that might be useful
when running PyTorch within a larger system or operating multiple systems using
PyTorch in a larger organization.

It doesn't cover topics of deploying models to production. Check
:mod:`torch.jit` or one of the corresponding tutorials.

The note assumes that you either build PyTorch from source in your
organization or have an ability to statically link additional code to be loaded
when PyTorch is used. Therefore, many of the hooks are exposed as C++ APIs that
can be triggered once in a centralized place, e.g. in static initialization
code.

Fleet-wide operator profiling
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

PyTorch comes with :mod:`torch.autograd.profiler` capable of measuring time
taken by individual operators on demand. One can use the same mechanism to do
"always ON" measurements for any process running PyTorch. It might be useful for
gathering information about PyTorch workloads running in a given process or
across the entire set of machines.

New callbacks for any operator invocation can be added with
``torch::autograd::profiler::pushCallback``. Hooks will be called with
``torch::autograd::profiler::RecordFunction`` struct that describes invocation
context (e.g. `name`). If enabled, ``RecordFunction::inputs()`` contains arguments
of the function represented as ``torch::IValue`` variant type. Note, that inputs
logging is relatively expensive and thus has to be enabled explicitly.

The operator callbacks also have access to ``at::getThreadLocalDebugInfo()``
interface that returns a pointer to the struct holding the debug information. This
debug information is supposed to be set earlier with the corresponding
``at::setThreadLocalDebugInfo(debug_info)`` call. Debug information is propagated
through the forward (including async ``fork`` tasks) and backward passes and can
be useful for passing some extra information about execution environment
(e.g. model id) from the higher layers of the application down to the operator
callbacks.

Invoking callbacks adds some overhead, so usually it's useful to just randomly
sample operator invocations. This can be enabled on per-callback basis with a
global sampling rate specified by
`torch::autograd::profiler::setSamplingProbability`.

Note, that ``pushCallback`` and ``setSamplingProbability`` are not thread-safe
and can be called only when no PyTorch operator is running. Usually, it's a good
idea to call them once during initialization.

Here's an example:

.. code-block:: cpp

    // Called somewhere in the program beginning
    void init() {
        // Sample one in a hundred operator runs randomly
        torch::autograd::setSamplingProbability(0.01);
        pushCallback(
            &onFunctionEnter,
            &onFunctionExit,
            /* needs_inputs */ true,
            /* sampled */ true
        );
    }

    void onFunctionEnter(const RecordFunction& fn) {
        std::cerr << "Before function " << fn.name() 
                  << " with " << fn.inputs().size() << " inputs" << std::endl;
    }

    void onFunctionExit(const RecordFunction& fn) {
        std::cerr << "After function " << fn.name();
    }

API usage logging
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When running in a broader ecosystem, for example in managed job scheduler, it's
often useful to track which binaries invoke particular PyTorch APIs. There
exists simple instrumentation injected at several important API points that
triggers a given callback. Because usually PyTorch is invoked in one-off python
scripts, the callback fires only once for a given process for each of the APIs.

``c10::SetAPIUsageHandler`` can be used to register API usage instrumentation
handler. Passed argument is going to be an "api key" identifying used point, for
example ``python.import`` for PyTorch extension import or
``torch.script.compile`` if TorchScript compilation was triggered.

.. code-block:: cpp

    SetAPIUsageLogger([](const std::string& event_name) {
        std::cerr << "API was used: " << event_name << std::endl;
    });

Note for developers: new API trigger points can be added in code with
``C10_LOG_API_USAGE_ONCE("my_api")`` in C++ or
``torch._C._log_api_usage_once("my.api")`` in Python.

Attaching metadata to saved TorchScript models
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

TorchScript modules can be saved as an archive file that bundles serialized
parameters and module code as TorchScript (see :meth:`torch.jit.save`). It's
often convenient to bundle additional information together with the model, for
example, description of model producer or auxiliary artifacts.

It can be achieved by passing the ``_extra_files`` argument to
:meth:`torch.jit.save` and ``torch::jit::load`` to store and retrieve
arbitrary binary blobs during saving process. Since TorchScript files are
regular ZIP archives, extra information gets stored as regular files inside
archive's ``extra/`` directory.

There's also a global hook allowing to attach extra files to any TorchScript
archive produced in the current process. It might be useful to tag models with
producer metadata, akin to JPEG metadata produced by digital cameras. Example
usage might look like:

.. code-block:: cpp

    SetExportModuleExtraFilesHook([](const script::Module&) {
        script::ExtraFilesMap files;
        files["producer_info.json"] = "{\"user\": \"" + getenv("USER") + "\"}";
        return files;
    });


Build environment considerations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

TorchScript's compilation needs to have access to the original python files as
it uses python's ``inspect.getsource`` call. In certain production environments
it might require explicitly deploying ``.py`` files along with precompiled
``.pyc``.

Common extension points
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

PyTorch APIs are generally loosely coupled and it's easy to replace a component
with specialized version. Common extension points include:

* Custom operators implemented in C++ - see `tutorial for more details <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/advanced/cpp_extension.html>`_.
* Custom data reading can be often integrated directly by invoking corresponding python library. Existing functionality of :mod:`torch.utils.data` can be utilized by extending :class:`~torch.utils.data.Dataset` or :class:`~torch.utils.data.IterableDataset`.
