docs/source/notes/windows.rst, before:

Windows FAQ
==========================

Building from source
--------------------

Include optional components
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There are two supported components for Windows PyTorch:
MKL and MAGMA. Here are the steps to build with them.

.. code-block:: bat

    REM Make sure you have 7z and curl installed.

    REM Download MKL files
    curl https://s3.amazonaws.com/ossci-windows/mkl_2018.2.185.7z -k -O
    7z x -aoa mkl_2018.2.185.7z -omkl

    REM Download MAGMA files
    REM cuda100 is also available in the following line. There are also 2.4.0 binaries for cuda80/cuda92.
    set CUDA_PREFIX=cuda90
    curl -k https://s3.amazonaws.com/ossci-windows/magma_2.5.0_%CUDA_PREFIX%_release.7z -o magma.7z
    7z x -aoa magma.7z -omagma
    
    REM Setting essential environment variables
    set "CMAKE_INCLUDE_PATH=%cd%\\mkl\\include"
    set "LIB=%cd%\\mkl\\lib;%LIB%"
    set "MAGMA_HOME=%cd%\\magma"

Speeding CUDA build for Windows
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Visual Studio doesn't support parallel custom task currently.
As an alternative, we can use ``Ninja`` to parallelize CUDA
build tasks. It can be used by typing only a few lines of code.

.. code-block:: bat
    
    REM Let's install ninja first.
    pip install ninja

    REM Set it as the cmake generator
    set CMAKE_GENERATOR=Ninja


One key install script
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can take a look at `this set of scripts
<https://github.com/peterjc123/pytorch-scripts>`_.
It will lead the way for you.

Extension
---------

CFFI Extension
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The support for CFFI Extension is very experimental. There're 
generally two steps to enable it under Windows.

First, specify additional ``libraries`` in ``Extension``
object to make it build on Windows.

.. code-block:: python

   ffi = create_extension(
       '_ext.my_lib',
       headers=headers,
       sources=sources,
       define_macros=defines,
       relative_to=__file__,
       with_cuda=with_cuda,
       extra_compile_args=["-std=c99"],
       libraries=['ATen', '_C'] # Append cuda libaries when necessary, like cudart
   )

Second, here is a workground for "unresolved external symbol 
state caused by ``extern THCState *state;``"

Change the source code from C to C++. An example is listed below.

.. code-block:: cpp

    #include <THC/THC.h>
    #include <ATen/ATen.h>

    THCState *state = at::globalContext().thc_state;

    extern "C" int my_lib_add_forward_cuda(THCudaTensor *input1, THCudaTensor *input2,
                                            THCudaTensor *output)
    {
        if (!THCudaTensor_isSameSizeAs(state, input1, input2))
        return 0;
        THCudaTensor_resizeAs(state, output, input1);
        THCudaTensor_cadd(state, output, input1, 1.0, input2);
        return 1;
    }

    extern "C" int my_lib_add_backward_cuda(THCudaTensor *grad_output, THCudaTensor *grad_input)
    {
        THCudaTensor_resizeAs(state, grad_input, grad_output);
        THCudaTensor_fill(state, grad_input, 1);
        return 1;
    }

Cpp Extension
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This type of extension has better support compared with
the previous one. However, it still needs some manual
configuration. First, you should open the
**x86_x64 Cross Tools Command Prompt for VS 2017**.
And then, you can start your compiling process.

Installation
------------

Package not found in win-32 channel.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: bat

    Solving environment: failed

    PackagesNotFoundError: The following packages are not available from current channels:

    - pytorch

    Current channels:
    - https://conda.anaconda.org/pytorch/win-32
    - https://conda.anaconda.org/pytorch/noarch
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/main/win-32
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/main/noarch
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/free/win-32
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/free/noarch
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/r/win-32
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/r/noarch
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/pro/win-32
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/pro/noarch
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/msys2/win-32
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/msys2/noarch

PyTorch doesn't work on 32-bit system. Please use Windows and
Python 64-bit version.

Why are there no Python 2 packages for Windows?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Because it's not stable enough. There're some issues that need to
be solved before we officially release it. You can build it by yourself.

Import error
^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: py3tb

    from torch._C import *

    ImportError: DLL load failed: The specified module could not be found.


The problem is caused by the missing of the essential files. Actually,
we include almost all the essential files that PyTorch need for the conda
package except VC2017 redistributable and some mkl libraries. 
You can resolve this by typing the following command.

.. code-block:: bat

    conda install -c peterjc123 vc vs2017_runtime
    conda install mkl_fft intel_openmp numpy mkl

As for the wheels package, since we didn't pack some libaries and VS2017 
redistributable files in, please make sure you install them manually.
The `VS 2017 redistributable installer
<https://aka.ms/vs/15/release/VC_redist.x64.exe>`_ can be downloaded.
And you should also pay attention to your installation of Numpy. Make sure it
uses MKL instead of OpenBLAS. You may type in the following command.

.. code-block:: bat

    pip install numpy mkl intel-openmp mkl_fft

Another possible cause may be you are using GPU version without NVIDIA
graphics cards. Please replace your GPU package with the CPU one.

.. code-block:: py3tb

    from torch._C import *

    ImportError: DLL load failed: The operating system cannot run %1.


This is actually an upstream issue of Anaconda. When you initialize your
environment with conda-forge channel, this issue will emerge. You may fix
the intel-openmp libraries through this command.

.. code-block:: bat

    conda install -c defaults intel-openmp -f


Usage (multiprocessing)
-------------------------------------------------------

Multiprocessing error without if-clause protection
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: py3tb

    RuntimeError:
   	An attempt has been made to start a new process before the
   	current process has finished its bootstrapping phase.

       This probably means that you are not using fork to start your
       child processes and you have forgotten to use the proper idiom
       in the main module:

           if __name__ == '__main__':
               freeze_support()
               ...

       The "freeze_support()" line can be omitted if the program
       is not going to be frozen to produce an executable.

The implementation of ``multiprocessing`` is different on Windows, which
uses ``spawn`` instead of ``fork``. So we have to wrap the code with an
if-clause to protect the code from executing multiple times. Refactor
your code into the following structure.

.. code-block:: python

    import torch

    def main()
        for i, data in enumerate(dataloader):
            # do something here

    if __name__ == '__main__':
        main()


Multiprocessing error "Broken pipe"
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: py3tb

    ForkingPickler(file, protocol).dump(obj)

    BrokenPipeError: [Errno 32] Broken pipe

This issue happens when the child process ends before the parent process
finishes sending data. There may be something wrong with your code. You
can debug your code by reducing the ``num_worker`` of 
:class:`~torch.utils.data.DataLoader` to zero and see if the issue persists.

Multiprocessing error "driver shut down"
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: py3tb

    Couldn’t open shared file mapping: <torch_14808_1591070686>, error code: <1455> at torch\lib\TH\THAllocator.c:154

    [windows] driver shut down

Please update your graphics driver. If this persists, this may be that your
graphics card is too old or the calculation is too heavy for your card. Please
update the TDR settings according to this `post
<https://www.pugetsystems.com/labs/hpc/Working-around-TDR-in-Windows-for-a-better-GPU-computing-experience-777/>`_.

CUDA IPC operations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: py3tb

   THCudaCheck FAIL file=torch\csrc\generic\StorageSharing.cpp line=252 error=63 : OS call failed or operation not supported on this OS

They are not supported on Windows. Something like doing multiprocessing on CUDA
tensors cannot succeed, there are two alternatives for this.

1. Don't use ``multiprocessing``. Set the ``num_worker`` of 
:class:`~torch.utils.data.DataLoader` to zero.

2. Share CPU tensors instead. Make sure your custom
:class:`~torch.utils.data.DataSet` returns CPU tensors.

Commit message:

Add magma debug version for Windows
Summary: Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/18008

Differential Revision: D14455117

Pulled By: soumith

fbshipit-source-id: 29d9a2e0b36d72bece0bb1870bbdc740c4d1f9d6

docs/source/notes/windows.rst, after:

Windows FAQ
==========================

Building from source
--------------------

Include optional components
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There are two supported components for Windows PyTorch:
MKL and MAGMA. Here are the steps to build with them.

.. code-block:: bat

    REM Make sure you have 7z and curl installed.

    REM Download MKL files
    curl https://s3.amazonaws.com/ossci-windows/mkl_2018.2.185.7z -k -O
    7z x -aoa mkl_2018.2.185.7z -omkl

    REM Download MAGMA files
    REM cuda100 is also available for `CUDA_PREFIX`. There are also 2.4.0 binaries for cuda80/cuda92.
    REM The configuration could be `debug` or `release` for 2.5.0. Only `release` is available for 2.4.0.
    set CUDA_PREFIX=cuda90
    set CONFIG=release
    curl -k https://s3.amazonaws.com/ossci-windows/magma_2.5.0_%CUDA_PREFIX%_%CONFIG%.7z -o magma.7z
    7z x -aoa magma.7z -omagma
    
    REM Setting essential environment variables
    set "CMAKE_INCLUDE_PATH=%cd%\\mkl\\include"
    set "LIB=%cd%\\mkl\\lib;%LIB%"
    set "MAGMA_HOME=%cd%\\magma"

Speeding CUDA build for Windows
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Visual Studio doesn't support parallel custom task currently.
As an alternative, we can use ``Ninja`` to parallelize CUDA
build tasks. It can be used by typing only a few lines of code.

.. code-block:: bat
    
    REM Let's install ninja first.
    pip install ninja

    REM Set it as the cmake generator
    set CMAKE_GENERATOR=Ninja


One key install script
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can take a look at `this set of scripts
<https://github.com/peterjc123/pytorch-scripts>`_.
It will lead the way for you.

Extension
---------

CFFI Extension
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The support for CFFI Extension is very experimental. There're 
generally two steps to enable it under Windows.

First, specify additional ``libraries`` in ``Extension``
object to make it build on Windows.

.. code-block:: python

   ffi = create_extension(
       '_ext.my_lib',
       headers=headers,
       sources=sources,
       define_macros=defines,
       relative_to=__file__,
       with_cuda=with_cuda,
       extra_compile_args=["-std=c99"],
       libraries=['ATen', '_C'] # Append cuda libaries when necessary, like cudart
   )

Second, here is a workground for "unresolved external symbol 
state caused by ``extern THCState *state;``"

Change the source code from C to C++. An example is listed below.

.. code-block:: cpp

    #include <THC/THC.h>
    #include <ATen/ATen.h>

    THCState *state = at::globalContext().thc_state;

    extern "C" int my_lib_add_forward_cuda(THCudaTensor *input1, THCudaTensor *input2,
                                            THCudaTensor *output)
    {
        if (!THCudaTensor_isSameSizeAs(state, input1, input2))
        return 0;
        THCudaTensor_resizeAs(state, output, input1);
        THCudaTensor_cadd(state, output, input1, 1.0, input2);
        return 1;
    }

    extern "C" int my_lib_add_backward_cuda(THCudaTensor *grad_output, THCudaTensor *grad_input)
    {
        THCudaTensor_resizeAs(state, grad_input, grad_output);
        THCudaTensor_fill(state, grad_input, 1);
        return 1;
    }

Cpp Extension
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This type of extension has better support compared with
the previous one. However, it still needs some manual
configuration. First, you should open the
**x86_x64 Cross Tools Command Prompt for VS 2017**.
And then, you can start your compiling process.

Installation
------------

Package not found in win-32 channel.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: bat

    Solving environment: failed

    PackagesNotFoundError: The following packages are not available from current channels:

    - pytorch

    Current channels:
    - https://conda.anaconda.org/pytorch/win-32
    - https://conda.anaconda.org/pytorch/noarch
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/main/win-32
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/main/noarch
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/free/win-32
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/free/noarch
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/r/win-32
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/r/noarch
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/pro/win-32
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/pro/noarch
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/msys2/win-32
    - https://repo.continuum.io/pkgs/msys2/noarch

PyTorch doesn't work on 32-bit system. Please use Windows and
Python 64-bit version.

Why are there no Python 2 packages for Windows?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Because it's not stable enough. There're some issues that need to
be solved before we officially release it. You can build it by yourself.

Import error
^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: py3tb

    from torch._C import *

    ImportError: DLL load failed: The specified module could not be found.


The problem is caused by the missing of the essential files. Actually,
we include almost all the essential files that PyTorch need for the conda
package except VC2017 redistributable and some mkl libraries. 
You can resolve this by typing the following command.

.. code-block:: bat

    conda install -c peterjc123 vc vs2017_runtime
    conda install mkl_fft intel_openmp numpy mkl

As for the wheels package, since we didn't pack some libaries and VS2017 
redistributable files in, please make sure you install them manually.
The `VS 2017 redistributable installer
<https://aka.ms/vs/15/release/VC_redist.x64.exe>`_ can be downloaded.
And you should also pay attention to your installation of Numpy. Make sure it
uses MKL instead of OpenBLAS. You may type in the following command.

.. code-block:: bat

    pip install numpy mkl intel-openmp mkl_fft

Another possible cause may be you are using GPU version without NVIDIA
graphics cards. Please replace your GPU package with the CPU one.

.. code-block:: py3tb

    from torch._C import *

    ImportError: DLL load failed: The operating system cannot run %1.


This is actually an upstream issue of Anaconda. When you initialize your
environment with conda-forge channel, this issue will emerge. You may fix
the intel-openmp libraries through this command.

.. code-block:: bat

    conda install -c defaults intel-openmp -f


Usage (multiprocessing)
-------------------------------------------------------

Multiprocessing error without if-clause protection
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: py3tb

    RuntimeError:
   	An attempt has been made to start a new process before the
   	current process has finished its bootstrapping phase.

       This probably means that you are not using fork to start your
       child processes and you have forgotten to use the proper idiom
       in the main module:

           if __name__ == '__main__':
               freeze_support()
               ...

       The "freeze_support()" line can be omitted if the program
       is not going to be frozen to produce an executable.

The implementation of ``multiprocessing`` is different on Windows, which
uses ``spawn`` instead of ``fork``. So we have to wrap the code with an
if-clause to protect the code from executing multiple times. Refactor
your code into the following structure.

.. code-block:: python

    import torch

    def main()
        for i, data in enumerate(dataloader):
            # do something here

    if __name__ == '__main__':
        main()


Multiprocessing error "Broken pipe"
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: py3tb

    ForkingPickler(file, protocol).dump(obj)

    BrokenPipeError: [Errno 32] Broken pipe

This issue happens when the child process ends before the parent process
finishes sending data. There may be something wrong with your code. You
can debug your code by reducing the ``num_worker`` of 
:class:`~torch.utils.data.DataLoader` to zero and see if the issue persists.

Multiprocessing error "driver shut down"
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: py3tb

    Couldn’t open shared file mapping: <torch_14808_1591070686>, error code: <1455> at torch\lib\TH\THAllocator.c:154

    [windows] driver shut down

Please update your graphics driver. If this persists, this may be that your
graphics card is too old or the calculation is too heavy for your card. Please
update the TDR settings according to this `post
<https://www.pugetsystems.com/labs/hpc/Working-around-TDR-in-Windows-for-a-better-GPU-computing-experience-777/>`_.

CUDA IPC operations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: py3tb

   THCudaCheck FAIL file=torch\csrc\generic\StorageSharing.cpp line=252 error=63 : OS call failed or operation not supported on this OS

They are not supported on Windows. Something like doing multiprocessing on CUDA
tensors cannot succeed, there are two alternatives for this.

1. Don't use ``multiprocessing``. Set the ``num_worker`` of 
:class:`~torch.utils.data.DataLoader` to zero.

2. Share CPU tensors instead. Make sure your custom
:class:`~torch.utils.data.DataSet` returns CPU tensors.
