torch/csrc/autograd/README.md, before:

## Autograd

Autograd is a hotspot for PyTorch performance, so most of the heavy lifting is
implemented in C++.  This implies that we have to do some shuffling between
Python and C++; and in general, we want data to be in a form that is convenient
to manipulate from C++.

Our general model is that for any key data type that autograd manipulates,
there are two implementations: a C++ type and a Python object type.  For
example, consider variables in autograd: we have both `Variable` in `variable.h`
(the C++ type) and `THPVariable` in `python_variable.h` (the Python type.)
(By the way, THP stands for TorcH Python, not to be confused with THPP, TorcH
C++).  `Variable` contains the payload of a variable, while `THPVariable` just
contains a `shared_ptr` reference to `Variable`, as well as references to other
Python objects which the Python runtime needs to know about.  A lot of
data accessor implementations in `python_variable.cpp` simply reach through
to the underlying `Variable` and return the appropriate value.

The most complicated application of this principle is Function, which also
supports users implementing custom behavior in Python.  We have the following
classes:

* `Function` in `function.h`, the C++ type.
* `THPFunction` in `python_function.h`, the Python object type.  In
  `python_function.cpp`, you can see the boilerplate that tells the Python
  interpreter about this object.
* `PyFunction` in `python_function.h`, a subclass of `Function` which forwards
  `apply` to a Python `THPFunction`. (NOT a Python object, despite its name!)

Outside of `PyFunction`, the C++ objects largely avoid referencing Python
objects (there are a few exceptions, like `pyobj` in `Variable`, and
`PyFunction`, whose whole point is to let C++ call into Python).

Commit message:

C function wrapper uniqueness (#1912)
* add SharedFunctionMaker to create Function shared in the graph

* Clean shared_ptr usage for only function that will be used in the graph

* make Function binding match Varible one

* remove unnecessary changes

* fix comments

* proper weakref implementation

* add call to clear in dealloc

torch/csrc/autograd/README.md, after:

## Autograd

Autograd is a hotspot for PyTorch performance, so most of the heavy lifting is
implemented in C++.  This implies that we have to do some shuffling between
Python and C++; and in general, we want data to be in a form that is convenient
to manipulate from C++.

Our general model is that for any key data type that autograd manipulates,
there are two implementations: a C++ type and a Python object type.  For
example, consider variables in autograd: we have both `Variable` in `variable.h`
(the C++ type) and `THPVariable` in `python_variable.h` (the Python type.)
(By the way, THP stands for TorcH Python, not to be confused with THPP, TorcH
C++).  `Variable` contains the payload of a variable, while `THPVariable` just
contains a `shared_ptr` reference to `Variable`, as well as references to other
Python objects which the Python runtime needs to know about.  A lot of
data accessor implementations in `python_variable.cpp` simply reach through
to the underlying `Variable` and return the appropriate value.

The most complicated application of this principle is Function, which also
supports users implementing custom behavior in Python.  We have the following
classes:

* `Function` in `function.h`, the C++ type.
* `THPFunction` in `python_function.h`, the Python object type.  In
  `python_function.cpp`, you can see the boilerplate that tells the Python
  interpreter about this object.
* `PyFunction` in `python_function.h`, a subclass of `Function` which forwards
  `apply` to a Python `THPFunction`. (NOT a Python object, despite its name!)

Outside of `PyFunction`, the C++ objects largely avoid referencing Python
objects (there are a few exceptions, like `pyobj` in `Variable`, and
`PyFunction`, whose whole point is to let C++ call into Python). And `pyobj`
in `Function` to ensure uniqueness of the associated python wrapper (if it exists).
