docs/installation.md, before:

## Building Caffe2

This guide builds from source. For alternatives, refer to https://caffe2.ai/docs/getting-started.html

Get latest source from GitHub.

    git clone --recursive https://github.com/caffe2/caffe2.git
    cd caffe2

#### MacOS X

    brew install openblas glog gtest automake protobuf leveled lmdb
    mkdir build && cd build
    cmake .. -DBLAS=OpenBLAS -DUSE_OPENCV=off
    make

#### Ubuntu

###### Ubuntu 14.04 LTS
    sudo apt-get install libprotobuf-dev protobuf-compiler libatlas-base-dev libgoogle-glog-dev libgtest-dev liblmdb-dev libleveldb-dev libsnappy-dev python-dev python-pip libiomp-dev libopencv-dev libpthread-stubs0-dev cmake
    sudo pip install numpy
    wget http://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/repos/ubuntu1404/x86_64/cuda-repo-ubuntu1404_8.0.44-1_amd64.deb
    sudo dpkg -i cuda-repo-ubuntu1404_8.0.44-1_amd64.deb
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install cuda
    sudo apt-get install git

    CUDNN_URL="http://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/redist/cudnn/v5.1/cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz" &&
    curl -fsSL ${CUDNN_URL} -O &&
    sudo tar -xzf cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz -C /usr/local &&
    rm cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz &&
    sudo ldconfig

    mkdir build && cd build
    cmake ..
    make

###### Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
    sudo apt-get install libprotobuf-dev protobuf-compiler libatlas-base-dev libgoogle-glog-dev libgtest-dev liblmdb-dev libleveldb-dev libsnappy-dev python-dev python-pip libiomp-dev libopencv-dev libpthread-stubs0-dev cmake
    sudo pip install numpy
    wget http://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/repos/ubuntu1604/x86_64/cuda-repo-ubuntu1604_8.0.61-1_amd64.deb
    sudo dpkg -i cuda-repo-ubuntu1604_8.0.61-1_amd64.deb
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install cuda
    sudo apt-get install git

    CUDNN_URL="http://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/redist/cudnn/v5.1/cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz" &&
    curl -fsSL ${CUDNN_URL} -O &&
    sudo tar -xzf cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz -C /usr/local &&
    rm cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz &&
    sudo ldconfig

    mkdir build && cd build
    cmake ..
    make

## Python support

To use Caffe2 in Python, you need two libraries, future and six.

    pip install future six

To run the tutorials you'll need jupyter (formerly ipython) notebooks and matplotlib, which can be installed on MacOS X with

    brew install matplotlib --with-python3
    pip install jupyter

Commit message:

doc: update installation.md for third_party packages
Summary:
PR Description
-----------------

This commit informs the developers why they have to use packages of third_party
folder instead of packages in their Linux distribution.

By default, Caffe2 find installed packages in the Linux distribution. If it
cannot be found, as a next step Caffe2 uses the version bundled in third_party folder.

**Changes proposed in this PR:**
1. Added difference between Linux distro packages and third_party packages

**Self assessment:**
Checked.

Signed-off-by: Geunsik Lim <geunsik.lim@samsung.com>
Closes https://github.com/caffe2/caffe2/pull/1724

Reviewed By: pjh5

Differential Revision: D6728185

Pulled By: orionr

fbshipit-source-id: 0c596cf56faaccf947caefc49ea3c6f0a473e9bf

docs/installation.md, after:

## Building Caffe2

This guide builds from source. For alternatives, refer to https://caffe2.ai/docs/getting-started.html

Get latest source from GitHub.

    git clone --recursive https://github.com/caffe2/caffe2.git
    cd caffe2

Note that you might need to uninstall existing Eigen and pybind11 packages due to compile-time dependencies when building from source. For this reason, Caffe2 uses git submodules to reference external packages in the third_party folder. These are downloaded with the --recursive option.

#### MacOS X

    brew install openblas glog gtest automake protobuf leveled lmdb
    mkdir build && cd build
    cmake .. -DBLAS=OpenBLAS -DUSE_OPENCV=off
    make

#### Ubuntu

###### Ubuntu 14.04 LTS
    sudo apt-get install libprotobuf-dev protobuf-compiler libatlas-base-dev libgoogle-glog-dev libgtest-dev liblmdb-dev libleveldb-dev libsnappy-dev python-dev python-pip libiomp-dev libopencv-dev libpthread-stubs0-dev cmake
    sudo pip install numpy
    wget http://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/repos/ubuntu1404/x86_64/cuda-repo-ubuntu1404_8.0.44-1_amd64.deb
    sudo dpkg -i cuda-repo-ubuntu1404_8.0.44-1_amd64.deb
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install cuda
    sudo apt-get install git

    CUDNN_URL="http://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/redist/cudnn/v5.1/cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz" &&
    curl -fsSL ${CUDNN_URL} -O &&
    sudo tar -xzf cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz -C /usr/local &&
    rm cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz &&
    sudo ldconfig

    mkdir build && cd build
    cmake ..
    make

###### Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
    sudo apt-get install libprotobuf-dev protobuf-compiler libatlas-base-dev libgoogle-glog-dev libgtest-dev liblmdb-dev libleveldb-dev libsnappy-dev python-dev python-pip libiomp-dev libopencv-dev libpthread-stubs0-dev cmake
    sudo pip install numpy
    wget http://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/repos/ubuntu1604/x86_64/cuda-repo-ubuntu1604_8.0.61-1_amd64.deb
    sudo dpkg -i cuda-repo-ubuntu1604_8.0.61-1_amd64.deb
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install cuda
    sudo apt-get install git

    CUDNN_URL="http://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/redist/cudnn/v5.1/cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz" &&
    curl -fsSL ${CUDNN_URL} -O &&
    sudo tar -xzf cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz -C /usr/local &&
    rm cudnn-8.0-linux-x64-v5.1.tgz &&
    sudo ldconfig

    mkdir build && cd build
    cmake ..
    make

## Python support

To use Caffe2 in Python, you need two libraries, future and six.

    pip install future six

To run the tutorials you'll need jupyter (formerly ipython) notebooks and matplotlib, which can be installed on MacOS X with

    brew install matplotlib --with-python3
    pip install jupyter
